Add text for registering and help with dockers, before install (#176)
ROCm/rocm-install-on-linux: docs/tutorial/quick-start.rst

system and install method and follow the steps listed in the table. If you want
more in-depth installation instructions, refer to :ref:`rocm-install-overview`.

.. note::

    If you're using RHEL or SLES, be sure to register with your distro before installation.  
    If you need guidance, get :ref:`help with registering your distro <troubleshooting-registering-license>`. 

.. caution::

>     Docker images contain a bare minimum install so some important packages may need to be installed, prior 
>     to installing ROCm. Get :ref:`help installing packages on your docker image <troubleshooting-install-missing-packages-for-dockers>`, before running the install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using a Docker image, you'll need to install additional packages. For more information, see :ref:`Additional packages for Docker images<troubleshooting-install-missing-packages-for-dockers>`.
```

Author: I removed this docker text from the quick start.
